-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test set: eu.ddmore.converter.mdl2pharmml08.TrialDesignDesignSpacePrinterTest
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Tests run: 21, Failures: 0, Errors: 0, Skipped: 0, Time elapsed: 0.259 sec - in eu.ddmore.converter.mdl2pharmml08.TrialDesignDesignSpacePrinterTest
testWriteDesignSpaceBolusAmtRange(eu.ddmore.converter.mdl2pharmml08.TrialDesignDesignSpacePrinterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.014 sec
testWriteDesignSpaceInfusionAmtRange(eu.ddmore.converter.mdl2pharmml08.TrialDesignDesignSpacePrinterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.013 sec
testWriteDesignSpaceParameterRange(eu.ddmore.converter.mdl2pharmml08.TrialDesignDesignSpacePrinterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.014 sec
testWriteDesignSpaceCovariateRange(eu.ddmore.converter.mdl2pharmml08.TrialDesignDesignSpacePrinterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.013 sec
testWriteDesignSpaceBolusAmtDiscrete(eu.ddmore.converter.mdl2pharmml08.TrialDesignDesignSpacePrinterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.013 sec
testWriteDesignSpaceSampleTimesDiscrete(eu.ddmore.converter.mdl2pharmml08.TrialDesignDesignSpacePrinterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testWriteDesignSpaceNumberArmsDiscrete(eu.ddmore.converter.mdl2pharmml08.TrialDesignDesignSpacePrinterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testWriteDesignSpaceNumberTimesDiscrete(eu.ddmore.converter.mdl2pharmml08.TrialDesignDesignSpacePrinterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testWriteDesignSpaceParameterDiscrete(eu.ddmore.converter.mdl2pharmml08.TrialDesignDesignSpacePrinterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testWriteDesignSpaceInfusionAmtDiscrete(eu.ddmore.converter.mdl2pharmml08.TrialDesignDesignSpacePrinterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testWriteDesignSpaceArmsSizeDiscrete(eu.ddmore.converter.mdl2pharmml08.TrialDesignDesignSpacePrinterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testWriteDesignSpaceDurationDiscrete(eu.ddmore.converter.mdl2pharmml08.TrialDesignDesignSpacePrinterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testWriteDesignSpaceCovariateDiscrete(eu.ddmore.converter.mdl2pharmml08.TrialDesignDesignSpacePrinterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testWriteDesignSpaces(eu.ddmore.converter.mdl2pharmml08.TrialDesignDesignSpacePrinterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testWriteDesignSpaceDurationRange(eu.ddmore.converter.mdl2pharmml08.TrialDesignDesignSpacePrinterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testWriteDesignSpaceArmSizeRange(eu.ddmore.converter.mdl2pharmml08.TrialDesignDesignSpacePrinterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testWriteDesignSpaceNumberTimesRange(eu.ddmore.converter.mdl2pharmml08.TrialDesignDesignSpacePrinterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testWriteDesignSpaceDoseTimeRange(eu.ddmore.converter.mdl2pharmml08.TrialDesignDesignSpacePrinterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testWriteDesignSpaceSampleTimesRange(eu.ddmore.converter.mdl2pharmml08.TrialDesignDesignSpacePrinterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testWriteDesignSpaceNumberArmsRange(eu.ddmore.converter.mdl2pharmml08.TrialDesignDesignSpacePrinterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testWriteDesignSpaceDoseTimeDiscrete(eu.ddmore.converter.mdl2pharmml08.TrialDesignDesignSpacePrinterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
