-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test set: eu.ddmore.converter.mdl2pharmml08.TrialDesignDesignObjectPrinterTest
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Tests run: 27, Failures: 0, Errors: 0, Skipped: 0, Time elapsed: 0.366 sec - in eu.ddmore.converter.mdl2pharmml08.TrialDesignDesignObjectPrinterTest
testWriteResetWithSingleValueAndTime(eu.ddmore.converter.mdl2pharmml08.TrialDesignDesignObjectPrinterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.014 sec
testWriteDesignParameters(eu.ddmore.converter.mdl2pharmml08.TrialDesignDesignObjectPrinterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.014 sec
testWriteArmMultiInterventionAndMultiSample(eu.ddmore.converter.mdl2pharmml08.TrialDesignDesignObjectPrinterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.014 sec
testWriteAdministrationBolusMultiDoseAmts(eu.ddmore.converter.mdl2pharmml08.TrialDesignDesignObjectPrinterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.014 sec
testWriteCombi(eu.ddmore.converter.mdl2pharmml08.TrialDesignDesignObjectPrinterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.013 sec
testWriteAdministrationBolusDoseScaled(eu.ddmore.converter.mdl2pharmml08.TrialDesignDesignObjectPrinterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.013 sec
testWriteResetMultiVarsWithValue(eu.ddmore.converter.mdl2pharmml08.TrialDesignDesignObjectPrinterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.013 sec
testWriteAdministrationBolusMultipleDoses(eu.ddmore.converter.mdl2pharmml08.TrialDesignDesignObjectPrinterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testWriteResetDefaultValueAndTime(eu.ddmore.converter.mdl2pharmml08.TrialDesignDesignObjectPrinterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testWriteArmSingleInterventionAndSampleWithOneLevelOccasions(eu.ddmore.converter.mdl2pharmml08.TrialDesignDesignObjectPrinterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testWriteAdministrationBolusSteadyStateInterval(eu.ddmore.converter.mdl2pharmml08.TrialDesignDesignObjectPrinterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testWriteArmSingleInterventionAndSampleWithTwoLevelOccasions(eu.ddmore.converter.mdl2pharmml08.TrialDesignDesignObjectPrinterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testWriteAdministrationBolusSimpleWithDoseTimeVar(eu.ddmore.converter.mdl2pharmml08.TrialDesignDesignObjectPrinterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.013 sec
testWriteAdministrationBolusSimple(eu.ddmore.converter.mdl2pharmml08.TrialDesignDesignObjectPrinterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testWriteAdministrationInfusionDoseScaled(eu.ddmore.converter.mdl2pharmml08.TrialDesignDesignObjectPrinterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.013 sec
testWriteAdministrationBolusSteadyState(eu.ddmore.converter.mdl2pharmml08.TrialDesignDesignObjectPrinterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.013 sec
testWriteSimpleSampling(eu.ddmore.converter.mdl2pharmml08.TrialDesignDesignObjectPrinterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testWriteStudyDesignInterventionsAndSamples(eu.ddmore.converter.mdl2pharmml08.TrialDesignDesignObjectPrinterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testWriteResetAllDefaultValue(eu.ddmore.converter.mdl2pharmml08.TrialDesignDesignObjectPrinterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testWriteAdministrationInfusionMultipleDoses(eu.ddmore.converter.mdl2pharmml08.TrialDesignDesignObjectPrinterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testWriteCombiSampling(eu.ddmore.converter.mdl2pharmml08.TrialDesignDesignObjectPrinterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testWriteAdministrationBolusCmtMacroTarget(eu.ddmore.converter.mdl2pharmml08.TrialDesignDesignObjectPrinterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testWriteAdministrationInfusionSimple(eu.ddmore.converter.mdl2pharmml08.TrialDesignDesignObjectPrinterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testWriteAdministrationBolusMultiDoseAmtsWithScale(eu.ddmore.converter.mdl2pharmml08.TrialDesignDesignObjectPrinterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testWriteAdministrationInfusionCmtMacroTarget(eu.ddmore.converter.mdl2pharmml08.TrialDesignDesignObjectPrinterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.028 sec
testWriteArmSingleInterventionAndSample(eu.ddmore.converter.mdl2pharmml08.TrialDesignDesignObjectPrinterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.016 sec
testWriteSampling(eu.ddmore.converter.mdl2pharmml08.TrialDesignDesignObjectPrinterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.015 sec
